Document JWT Bearer Flow trust assumptions (#343)
camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement: documentation/CAMARA-API-access-and-user-consent.md

**Pre-requisite:** The API Consumer must share its public key with the API Provider during onboarding, so the API Provider can verify the signature of the JWT assertion.

The API Consumer selects the User Identifier. The User is identified by the `sub` claim in the JWT assertion, which must uniquely identify the User in the Operator's system. As per the CAMARA Security and Interoperability Profile, the `sub` claim MUST be either a phone number prefixed by `tel:` or a TS.43 token prefixed by `operatortoken:`.

> Unlike the `operatortoken:` prefix for the `sub` claim, which originates from a TS.43 flow and provides a stronger binding to a Subscriber context, the use of the `tel:` prefix in the JWT Bearer Flow is based on a pre-established trust relationship between the API Consumer and the API Provider. Consequently, the `tel:` based subject identifier relies solely on trusted assertion and does not provide cryptographic assurance of the associated subscriber context. The mechanism by which the API Consumer obtains or verifies the phone number used in the `sub` claim is outside the scope of CAMARA specifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike the `operatortoken:` prefix for the `sub` claim, which originates from a TS.43 flow and provides a stronger binding to a Subscriber context, the use of the `tel:` prefix in the JWT Bearer Flow is applicable in scenarios where a pre-established trust relationship exists between the API Consumer and the API Provider. In this case, the API Consumer is responsible for asserting the phone number in the sub claim and for ensuring that this value accurately represents the intended Subscriber. The API Provider, in turn, relies on this trust relationship when accepting the assertion and does not independently validate the origin of the phone number. The mechanism by which the API Consumer obtains or verifies the phone number used in the `sub` claim is outside the scope of CAMARA specifications.
```
Thank you so much for your proposal @sfnuser. My two cents 😛... I think the above suggestion explicitly describes the applicability conditions of the use case and the responsibilities of the API Provider and API Consumer, which I believe was the intention. WDYT?

Reviewer: Ok, I've committed the suggestion and approved the PR content.

> Unlike the `operatortoken:` prefix for the `sub` claim, which originates from a TS.43 flow and provides a stronger binding to a Subscriber context, the use of the `tel:` prefix in the JWT Bearer Flow is applicable in scenarios where a pre-established trust relationship exists between the API Consumer and the API Provider. In this case, the API Consumer is responsible for asserting the phone number in the sub claim and for ensuring that this value accurately represents the intended Subscriber. The API Provider, in turn, relies on this trust relationship when accepting the assertion and does not independently validate the origin of the phone number. The mechanism by which the API Consumer obtains or verifies the phone number used in the `sub` claim is outside the scope of CAMARA specifications.

Reviewer: We may want to add something like this to the text above:
> The JWT Bearer `sub` claim format for CAMARA is defined in the [CAMARA Security and Interoperability Profile](link to sub format definition in ICM profile).

Then, add the required changes to the ICM profile.

> Unlike the `operatortoken:` prefix for the `sub` claim, which originates from a TS.43 flow and provides a stronger binding to a Subscriber context, the use of the `tel:` prefix in the JWT Bearer Flow is applicable in scenarios where a pre-established trust relationship exists between the API Consumer and the API Provider. In this case, the API Consumer is responsible for asserting the phone number in the sub claim and for ensuring that this value accurately represents the intended Subscriber. The API Provider, in turn, relies on this trust relationship when accepting the assertion and does not independently validate the origin of the phone number. The mechanism by which the API Consumer obtains or verifies the phone number used in the `sub` claim is outside the scope of CAMARA specifications.

Reviewer: @sebdewet I created an issue on GitHub to track the topic about the phone number format for the sub claim: https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/issues/345.
